# ALAN的簡歷
Alan P. Su received his bachelor's degree in computer science from Chung-Yuan Christian University in 1986. After working as a system analyst with CMS (later EDS Taiwan and now HP), he went to the States and received an M.S. degree from the University of Missouri Rolla in 1994 and a doctorate degree from the University of California Riverside in 1998. Between 1998 and 2002 he worked for EEsof, Hewlett-Packard Company, later spun off to become Agilent and now Keysight Technologies, to develop a DSP Synthesis tool and other Electronic System Level (ESL) tools. In 2003 he returned to Taiwan and joined SoC Technology Center, ITRI to conduct several ESL projects in tool development, SoC designing and design methodology. In April 2006 Dr. Su joined SpringSoft, Inc. to lead the development of ESL tools. In August 2008 he joined Global Unichip Corp. to develop ESL development boards as platforms to provide ESL design services. In June 2011 he joined Synopsys to promote ESL methodology and tools. Between 2013 and 2015 Dr. Su was with UUPON Company to serve as a Board Member and General Manager. Later, he served as the VP of Engineering of Micro-IP Inc., architecting and delivering ESL design services. Currently, Dr. Su is the Chief Operations Officer of eNeural Technologies, an automotive Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution provider. Dr. Su is also an Adjunct Associate Professor with the EE Department of National Cheng Kung University since Feb. 2013, teaching SystemC and ESL and conducting ESL-related research.
